c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AbsensiTTL.dll.config
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AbsensiTTL.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AbsensiTTL.pdb
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\obj\Release\AbsensiTTL.dll
c:\users\zulkifli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\obj\Release\AbsensiTTL.pdb
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\obj\Release\AbsensiTTL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AbsensiTTL.dll.config
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AbsensiTTL.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AbsensiTTL.pdb
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\obj\Release\AbsensiTTL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\obj\Release\AbsensiTTL.dll
C:\Users\wais\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\obj\Release\AbsensiTTL.pdb
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AbsensiTTL.dll.config
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AbsensiTTL.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AbsensiTTL.pdb
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\obj\Release\AbsensiTTL.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\obj\Release\AbsensiTTL.dll
C:\Users\ZULKIFLI\Documents\TTL\Code\AbsensiTTL\AbsensiTTL\obj\Release\AbsensiTTL.pdb
